check now many mnemonics x86_64 has and check them all.

? how will i miss no mnemonics?

 - invent new mnemonics if anything

 - implement most of the mnemonics in the table, i dont have to write about everysingle one for now.

 ? what else could i have as a mnemonic


Today, introduce most of the mnemoniscs and put omst of the most mnemonics introduced into TrASM Complete Guide.
Think about implementing mb24, mb40, mb48, mb56. - NO

Make mval mb64plus More than 64 bits of data.
Before we would use registers to move big amounts of data, we could scratch that idea and acutally used betterr thingas as tihs.

To also use the general registers better.

mval mb64plus - YES

directives.

Put % infront of the mnemonic to allow inputing missing operands - %mval mbXX ...
How to set a default value of an operand?
Like this:

set %di def.od r8<mi32<

Using r8<mi32< as an examéple value

Now to reset it:

set %di def.od null

Extended code should not be seperated into groups.

This is ver usefull for repeated operands, or loops in general,
We dont waste time wirth parsing a value, only checking if its there or no
 if you have for example 3 operand mnemonic in an instruction and you have set a default value for operand 1 and operand 3,
 to not waste time to decide wheter the inputed value should be replaxcing a default one or inputing an empty one,
 you have to put as prefix for each value you put under a directive mnemonic, so like this: (we use a default value for operand descriptor and operand 1)

 %mval mb32 1o.0x09239872

This is kinda fast to parse, You get the 1st 2 letters, if its 1o or any number then o, you replace that operand with it.

ill probably change it inte future, that you will be able to ban some directives for a moment if youre goign to replace them. like this:

%pause def.od
%resume def.od

that way you could impenet a specific one for some moment. Maybe it xcould  be int he isntruction it self as:

%mval mb32 rule -def.od r8<mi16< 1o.0xFFF

tzhis might be too complicated for parsinbg tho so idk, it may lose the point in speed




IMPORTANT
make sometihng to disable errors, such as @err throw widthSpecifierTooSmallForImmediate false